Hello everyone and welcome one in which
today we have the day to arrange with me
this video because the constant sounds
I grew up but since I will be very punctual and
they will have a video almost more I hope that what
enjoy sharing it and now
let's start and good to start I want
First of all, ask for their forgiveness
these dates are not adequate but
I had no other choice then good
We can first moisturize the hair
that these oil droplets are used
of argan good let's start with the
face
one
as a refresher for the eyes to
the dark circles and all that
this like this moisturizer as average
late but you also get a solar factor
then you can facilitate me more than
apply with the blocker and then the
cream then this one comes two for one of
easier dream
and be it because the balance as
waiting for the penalties
and that would be the thread part of that
what I normally do for when
I put on my makeup and those things
then scholarship holder
well, clearly or with a beauty like
goals that easier
who
so
here
now we will continue with the dinners then
what I do is buy as a
transparent nazas tab and he used it
for dinner only then are they
insult us spain
it was close
one destination the other
when I do not want it to be very
loaded it so I'm just put
ready but for the eyes you can use
like a rose with coffee is something very
simple and easy to do
and I'm going to use it as a coffee
many videos have been seen
first frame and then first more and
then let's blur we 're going to
worry if they have left game or things
well for the style
everything can be blurred
and because this is something very simple
It has taken pretension and striking
because it can serve for the day until
for college the university and what
I will use a concealer
I'm thinking about making a draw but
I do not know you have to why not
I do not know how it is done then would like
as on how it's done because I
I would like to have a detail with some of
you because I do not know
I think they have supported me a lot
and I would like to give you a detail
also the cut mark of the piece
what do I feel under the presents
that we did not know then the cat line
to win it to wear this one look at my
eyes
it would be a bit of outline
and now with a pencil or in my days
and a little bit of brightness
and if we have the makeup now we're going
with him and good now we go with the
hair then I have it smooth
times and I want it with more fondita
because sometimes it 's the same always
then I'm going to make some very
fresh very relaxed and very easy to
do that is the most important thing
meanwhile let's go
so
let's roll up
and we will expect to count 15 seconds the
I want
and how could they see this was for this
address
because it stays like this now in the next
male that we are going to catch we are going to catch it
we're going to roll it up for the other side
with that to make more loose knowing more
natural and with much more volume
and now let's take another today
Y
A) Yes
hear
I do not like to do
and so we will do with all of our
horses with their bodies a fact of a
address another address one of the
another and another to make it look like
uneven like I do not have anything that everything
well, well
and now we will do this same thing in this the
dictated
so let's give it a little more
here
and this is the outfit that is going to
put that super simple are about
good leather leather pants
synthetic that have a line in the
sides and a white shirt with a
gold necklace good
with a gold necklace and some flashes
and good is for today's video I hope that
they liked that they have fun that what
have enjoyed and well we see the
next week do not forget to subscribe and
give a like and share it because the
very happy girls
and yes